Add support for setting loglevel and logformat (#102)
projectsyn/component-argocd: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

[NOTE]
The tag for the ArgoCD image is used to download the corresponding deployment manifests.

> == `log_level.default`
> 
> [horizontal]
> type:: string
> default:: `info`
> 
> The default log level for all ArgoCD components.
> 
> [NOTE]
> By using the `log_level.[component]` parameter, you can override the default log level for a specific component. `[component]` can be one of `server`, `application_controller` or `repo_server`.

Reviewer: I'd reformat this to roughly the following:

```suggestion
== `log_level`

[horizontal]
type:: object
default:: 
+
[source,yaml]
----
default: info
----

This parameter exposes the log level for the ArgoCD components.
By default, all components are configured with the log level given in key `default`.
The log level can be customized for individual components by providing the desired level in keys `server`, `application_controller` or `repo_server`
```

> == `log_format.default`
> 
> [horizontal]
> type:: string
> default:: `text`
> 
> The default log format for all ArgoCD components.
> 
> [NOTE]
> By using the `log_format.[component]` parameter, you can override the default log format for a specific component. `[component]` can be one of `server`, `application_controller` or `repo_server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== `log_format`

[horizontal]
type:: object
default:: 
+
[source,yaml]
----
default: `text`
----

This parameter exposes the log format for the ArgoCD components.
By default, all components are configured to use the log format given for key `default`.
The log format can be customized for individual components by providing the desired log format in keys `server`, `application_controller` or `repo_server`.
```
